feat: add version downgrade for live-migration FAQ (#3163)
timescale/docs: migrate/live-migration/live-migration-faq.md

unexpected behavior. You can find these logs in the `<volume_mount>/logs` directory.

> ## Source database does not have the latest TimescaleDB version
> 
> Live migration requires the TimescaleDB version in the source database to be the same as
> that in the target database (Timescale Cloud). However, in certain instances, the TimescaleDB
> version installed in the target database may differ from that available in the source
> database, such as in the case of Managed Service for TimescaleDB. In such scenarios,
> instead of upgrading the source database, an alternative approach is to downgrade the
> TimescaleDB version in the target database to align it with the version available in
> the source database.
> 
> 
> This can be achieved by first uninstalling the TimescaleDB extension from the
> target database using the following command:
> 
> ```sql
> DROP EXTENSION timescaledb;
> ```
> 
> Then, reinstall TimescaleDB extension with the desired version:
> 
> ```sql
> CREATE EXTENSION timescaledb VERSION '<version>';
> ```
> 
> <Highlight type="note">
> You might need to reconnect `psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent reading the startup file.
> </Highlight>
> 
> To determine which TimescaleDB versions are available on Timescale Cloud and can
> be used for the downgrade, execute the following query:
> 
> ```sql
> SELECT version FROM pg_available_extension_versions WHERE name = 'timescaledb' ORDER BY 1 DESC;
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Source database is not running the latest version of TimescaleDB

When you migrate a [self-hosted][self hosted] or [Managed Service for TimescaleDB (MST)][mst] 
database to Timescale, the source database and the destination 
[Timescale Service][timescale-service] must run the same version of TimescaleDB. 

Before you start [Live migration][live migration]:

<Procedure >

1. Check the version of TimescaleDB running on the source database and the 
   target Timescale Service:

    ```sql
    \dx timescaledb
    ```
   
    You see the following:
     ```sql
        Name     | Version |   Schema   |                             Description
    -------------+---------+------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------
     timescaledb | x.y.z   | public     | Enables scalable inserts and complex queries for time-series data
    (1 row)
    ```
 
1. If the version of TimescaleDB on the source database is lower than your Timescale Service, either:

   - **Downgrade**: reinstall an older version of TimescaleDB on your Timescale
      Service that matches the source database:
   
     1. Connect to your Timescale Service and check the versions of TimescaleDB available:
        
        ```sql
        SELECT version FROM pg_available_extension_versions WHERE name = 'timescaledb' ORDER BY 1 DESC;
        ```
          
     2. If an available TimescaleDB release matches your source database: 
        
        1. uninstall TimescaleDB from your Timescale Service:
    
           ```sql
           DROP EXTENSION timescaledb;
           ```
    
        1. Reinstall the correct version of TimescaleDB:
    
           ```sql
           CREATE EXTENSION timescaledb VERSION '<version>';
           ```
    
        <Highlight type="note">
        
        To prevent reading the startup file, reconnect to your Timescale Service using `psql -X` .
     
        </Highlight>

    
   - **Upgrade**: for self-hosted databases, 
     [upgrade TimescaleDB][self hosted upgrade] to match your Timescale Service. 

</ Procedure>

[live migration]: /migrate/:currentVersion:/live-migration/
[self hosted]: /self-hosted/:currentVersion:/
[self hosted upgrade]: /self-hosted/:currentVersion:/upgrades/
[mst]: /managed/:currentVersion:/
[timescale-service]: https://console.cloud.timescale.com/dashboard/services

```

Reviewer 2: @billy-the-fish thanks for the suggestions. I have implemented the changes.

unexpected behavior. You can find these logs in the `<volume_mount>/logs` directory.

> ## Source database is not running the latest version of TimescaleDB

Reviewer 3: Should we phrase like "TimescaleDB extension on source instance is not matching with target"? 

IMHO, The word "latest" is not resonating well here.

When you migrate a [self-hosted][self hosted] or [Managed Service for TimescaleDB (MST)][mst]
database to Timescale, the source database and the destination
[Timescale Service][timescale-service] must run the same version of TimescaleDB.

Before you start [live migration][live migration]:

1. Check the version of TimescaleDB running on the source database and the
   target Timescale Service:
    ```sql

>     \dx timescaledb

Reviewer 3: I would suggest to use the SQL query instead of psql shortcuts.
